feat: set CREATOR_USER_ID to avoid difficulties with creation in orga… (#5556)
recognai/rubrix: argilla/docs/getting_started/how-to-configure-argilla-on-huggingface.md

> There's two optional secrets to set up the `USERNAME` and `PASSWORD` of the `owner` of the Argilla Space. Remember that, by default Argilla Spaces are configured with a *Sign in with Hugging Face* button, which is also used to grant an `owner` to the creator of the Space for personal spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that, by default, Argilla Spaces are configured with a *Sign in with Hugging Face* button, which is also used to grant an `owner` to the creator of the Space. There are two optional secrets to set up the `USERNAME` and `PASSWORD` of the `owner` of Argilla Space. Those are useful when you want to create a different owner user to login into Argilla.

```

> The `USERNAME` and `PASSWORD` are only useful when you want to create a specific user to login into Argilla, if not your user account will we granted the `owner` role after the login with OAuth.

Reviewer: I've combined this line with a revision of the previous paragraph.

```suggestion
```
